♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da,
ba-da-ba-da-ba ♪
♪ Da, da, da-ba-da, da, da
Let's go!
♪ We'll be there
♪ A wink and a smile
and a great old time ♪
♪ Yeah, we'll be there
♪ Wherever we are,
there's some fun to be found ♪
♪ We'll be there
when you turn that corner ♪
♪ We'll jump out the bush
♪ With a big bear hug
and a smile ♪
♪ We'll be there
♪♪
Welcome.
It is I, Professor Lampwick.
Now, why am I here,
and where are the bears?
[ Laughs ]
Patience, young scholars.
All will be explained
in due time,
for tonight, you will learn
everything is connected.
This just in, Hurricane Hal
is making his way up north.
Let's talk with our specialist,
Cindy.
The storm is stronger,
and --
Aah!
This may be
the storm of the decade.
In other news, southern
California's cutest dog has --
Yo, peeps, check out
my sweet kite.
Now, I don't mean to brag,
but I think it's safe to say
that my kite
is the best kite ever.
Not too shabby, Grizzo.
Real recognize real.
Permission to speak freely,
sir!
Permission granted. That kite
couldn't fly even if it grew wings.
[ Laughter ]
Hey now, rangers,
never underestimate the value
of self-made products.
And I'll have you know
that my kite is made from
the finest paper grocery bag
and attached to the strongest,
thickest rope.
Oh, wait, wait,
watch this.
Hey, hey. Check it out, girls.
-Whoa.
That's all.
Ha! That's nothing compared
to our arsenal of kites.
Let's show him,
Poppy Rangers!
Wait, what's so special
about Wallace's kite?
[ Chuckles ]
[ Eagle cries ]
Whoa, did you just draw that?
Rock on, Wallace.
[ Kids cheering ]
-[ Laughs ]
-Wait up, Wallace!
Huh?
[ Eagle cries ]
[ Gasps ]
I call dibs on that one!
Ha, ha!
[ Laughter ]
[ Thunder rumbles ]
Oh, guess we should've paid
attention to the weather report.
Martinez: Calling Ranger Tabes, come in.
Go for Tabes.
We got a mud pit emergency
involving two squirrels,
south gate --
very muddy.
Oh, no!
Dave and Becky!
Rangers, we're gonna have to
call it a day.
All: Aw!
But I wanted to fly my kite.
Everybody inside.
Grizz, can you watch the girls
while I'm gone?
Aye, aye, Ranger Tabes.
Thanks.
I can always count on you,
Grizz.
This way, girls.
Come on in.
Girl: I worked so hard.
[ Groaning ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
[ Sighs ]
Charlie: Whoo-wee!
Thanks for helping me find a
new door for my house, Pan Pan.
Now I won't freeze
in the cold.
You're welcome, but space.
[ Thunder rumbles ]
Oh, my phone's getting wet!
Quick,
get inside my house.
[ Panting ]
Ho, ho!
That storm hit harder
than an ice cube.
At least my phone's safe.
Man, looks like this storm's
gonna last a while.
You should stay here
till it clears.
Hmm, okay.
Just until it clears.
[ Tapping on window ]
Both: Huh?
Look what the storm
dragged in.
Hey, buddy.
Let's get you out of the rain.
Huh? W-Wait,
that's a snake, Charlie!
Aah!
Ah, he's harmless.
Please, Charlie!
I don't like snakes.
[ Gasps ]
It's finally happening.
My only two friend groups
are colliding.
Best friends forever!
[ Horn honking ]
[ Horn honks ]
Wow,
that was so fun!
I didn't know
you could skate so well.
Ice Bear
brings the thunder.
[ Thunder rumbles ]
Aah! It's raining!
Quick,
let's get out of here.
[ Laughter ]
Gotcha!
Aah! Oh, my gosh,
I fell asleep!
Oh, looks like
everything's fine.
Hmm, wait a minute.
One, two, three, four.
All right,
where's Wallace?
Wallace is outside
flying her kite.
What?
Wallace!
It's time to go inside, buddy!
Wallace, can you hear me?
Huh?
Oh, hey, bear guy.
Isn't this weather amazing?
It's so windy!
Oh, wait, watch this.
Girls: Ooh!
Uh, okay, that's very cool,
Wallace,
but -- but we should really
get back inside, okay?
[ Thunder crashes ]
[ Girls scream ]
Man, pretty wild storm,
huh?
[ Hisses ]
Aah!
And your snake
isn't helping!
But we're all friends now,
Pan Pan,
and friends help each other
in times of need.
[ Tapping on window ]
Huh?
Carl!
What are you doing
away from the missus?
Wait, Charlie,
that's a wolf!
Ah, no need to worry,
Pan Pan, he's cool.
Aah!
Oh, whoa, whoa!
Carl, this is my buddy, Pan Pan,
and of course you know snake.
Okay, Charlie, seriously,
no more animals.
[ Tapping on window ]
[ Carl whines ]
[ Snakes hiss ]
[ Thunder crashes ]
♪ The wheels on the bus
go round and round ♪
♪ Round and round
Take it away, Henry!
[ Bellows ]
Nailed it!
All right, everyone out!
It's ridiculous how many animals
are in this car!
Looks like little Pan Pan
could use a hug.
[ Snakes hissing ] [
Grunts ] No, no, no, no!
Wait, wait, wait!
Charlie!
Oh, come on, Pan Pan.
Imagine what it's like
to be outside in this weather.
[ Grunts ]
[ Cellphone pinging ]
[ Groans ]
Ugh, we can't call a cab.
How are we gonna get home?
[ Horn honks ]
Oh, come on!
We're drenched!
[ Sighs ]
This isn't looking good.
Ice Bear is worried
about Chloe.
I'm -- I'm fine.
[ Sniffles ]
Kinda cold.
[ Shudders, sneezes ]
[ Groaning ]
Ice Bear has idea.
♪♪
[ Thunder crashing ]
Whoo! Oh, yeah.
Hey, Wallace, yeah,
that's enough.
[ Wind howls ]
It's not safe!
Pshh!
Wallace is good out here.
Whoa! Aah!
Oh, no!
Mighty eagle!
Wallace, let it go!
Now, come on, how
about some hot chocolate
back at the ol' station?
Yeah, okay,
it is kind of crazy out here.
Whoa!
[ Chuckles ]
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Aah! Wallace!
Come back!
[ Screaming ]
Oh, this is bad!
Bear guy, bear guy,
your kite!
Okay, we got you, Wallace.
[ Screams ]
[ Grunts ]
Hang in there, kid!
[ Screams ]
[ Screeches ]
Ooh, lovely.
You have a fine falsetto, Roger.
I think that's deserving
of a treat.
How about a fresh,
nice, juicy cheesy poof?
Here you go.
[ Growling ]
[ Panda shouting ]
Hold on, boys,
there's plenty more
where that came from.
Quit it, would you?
Aah!
Oh, we're just having
a fun time, that's all.
This isn't fun,
this is chaos.
Oh, come on, now, Pan Pan.
Ugh.
Wha? Whoa.
Everyone stop!
[ Panting ]
Nobody move.
[ Chatters ]
[ Gasps ]
♪♪
[ Car creaks ]
Oh, beans.
[ Seat belts click ]
[ Screaming ]
Charlie, take the wheel!
Do something, anything!
Pan Pan, I don't think
this is a good idea.
Wow, this is a good idea.
How do we know we're going
the right way, though?
Achoo!
Ice Bear has internal GPS.
Also, bless Chloe.
Well, it is definitely nice
to be out of the rain.
Oh, hey!
Cut it out, man!
[ Tracks rattling ]
Wait, what?
Aah, aah!
A subway tunnel?!
Ice Bear
regrets everything.
We got to go!
[ Screaming ]
Get me down!
[ Grunting ]
Whoa!
Poppy Rangers,
grab the rope now!
Girls: Yes, sir!
-Diaz!
-Parker!
-Murphy!
-Nguyen!
All: Wallace!
[ Screaming ]
Charlie, this is so bad!
Aah! A tree!
Steer around it!
Whoa, nice save,
Charlie.
Ha, ha! Yeah!
I'm a natural, huh?
Look, no hands.
I mean, there's no need
to show off.
[ Eagle cries ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Screams ]
It's gaining on us!
We got to think of
something faster!
Whoa!
-Ice Bear train.
-Wha?
♪♪
Aah!
I'm slipping! I'm slipping!
No!
♪♪
[ Thunder crashes ]
Lampwick: Hmm.
Life is strange, isn't it?
We cannot predict
such things as...
tragedy...
bravery...
uh, well, whatever this is.
But, though we may never
understand
the events of the world,
we can change them.
[ Grunting ]
For it's a fundamental
of human --
and bear -- nature.
[ Grunts ]
Aah!
The will to survive
and the will to protect.
We are not alone
in this world.
Oh, Pan man!
We are all connected
by invisible threads,
and those threads,
well [chuckles]
they may just save your life.
Aah!
[ Hisses ]
[ Electricity crackling ]
♪♪
[ Train screeches ]
[ Exhales ]
♪♪
Huh?
[ Both sigh ]
♪♪
Well, well.
Now perhaps you understand
what I mean when I say
everything is connected.
All you have to do is look.
♪♪